TODO:
Website:
Landing page. + trailer
Features
disclaimer
download button
team
contact

parallax hintergrund
screenshots
trailer
neues gelb
space thingy logo





Webseite:

beschreibung:
Dive into the story of Jason, a delivery pilot for GenCorp. Control his ship and navigate through many different solar systems. You have to be careful though: Skills are imperative to avoid obstacles, not get lost and find the perfect trajectory to reach your next destination. 

Features:

    Collect: Upgrade your ship with many different modifications.
    Story: Dive into a suspenseful story with original characters. Be immersed into the story of Jason unraveling the galaxy wide conspiracy of GenCorp.
    OrbitEngine: Experience a well rounded Space Adventure in our very own <i>OrbitEngine</i>  
    Art: Be accompanied by our original <i>out of this world</i> soundtrack. Many men hours went into creating the handcrafted artwork.
    
    Grafiken:
    Story: 2 typen plaudern, 2 speech bubbles mit (...) (vali)
    Art: MusicalNote + 2-3 planete übereinander gestack  ( vali) 
    
Trailer: 
    /Querformat
    Planet mit Mond (Nahaufnahme) -> Schiff fliegt von außen in den Orbit und daraufhin weiter
    A game by the SpaceCorporation 
    Dialog öffnet sich (Harry hat neuen Auftrag) 
    /Hochformat -> Spielszene
    Jason navigiert in schönem Stile zum Endplaneten 
    "Upgrade your ship": Szene, in der Items benutzt werden (Teleport, Phase out)
    "Explore": Navigierung durch World map, Starten eines Dialogs
    /Querformat
    Szene: Planeten mit Monden ohne Schiff:
        oben einblenden: "Powered by the Orbit Engine" -> ausblenden
        unten einblenden: "Unique soundtrack and artwork" ->ausblenden
        mitte einblenden: Logo einblenden
        ganz unten kurz danach einblenden: Android Logo 
        
        
workload:
level fertig. henri
photoshop animationen vali


    apk . denis.
    speicherstand zurück setzen

    Jason navigiert in schönem Stile zum Endplaneten
    "Upgrade your ship": Szene, in der Items benutzt werden (Teleport, Phase out)
    "Explore": Navigierung durch World map, Starten eines Dialogs

     schneiden